Admiral Gial Ackbar
Main article: Admiral Ackbar
Mog Adana
Mog Adana is a human male Padawan of the Jedi Order who lived during the High Republic Era. He often assisted Master Vernestra Rwoh with desk work at the Jedi Temple in Coruscant.

The character has been played by Harry Trevaldwyn in The Acolyte.

Bode Akuna
Bode Akuna is a mercenary who befriends Cal Kestis and works with him to help find a path to the hidden planet Tanalorr. He is later on revealed to have been a Jedi Knight who survived Order 66, working for the Empire to save his daughter kept hostage. Upon betraying Kestis and his crew, he finds Tanalorr only to be killed by Kestis.

The character has been voiced by Noshir Dalal in Jedi Survivor.

Stass Allie
Stass Allie is a Tholothian Jedi Master and the cousin of Adi Gallia. Allie is one of the many victims of Order 66.[4] She was initially planned to die with Kit Fisto.[citation needed]

The character has been portrayed by Lily Nyamwasa in Episode II, and by both Tace Bayliss and Nina Fallon in Episode III.

Almec
Almec is a Mandalorian politician who serves as Prime Minister of Mandalore during the Clone Wars. A prominent supporter of Satine Kryze and her New Mandalorian government, he is imprisoned for his involvement in an illegal smuggling ring but is later freed and reinstated as a puppet leader after Darth Maul takes over the New Mandalorian capital city of Sundari. When Maul is later captured by Darth Sidious, Almec sends Mandalorian super commandos Gar Saxon and Rook Kast to rescue him. During the Siege of Mandalore, he is captured once again by Bo-Katan Kryze's force and is killed by Saxon when he attempts to relay information to Ahsoka, Rex, and Bo-Katan.[5]

The character has been voiced by Julian Holloway in The Clone Wars.

Mas Amedda
Mas Amedda is the Chagrian Vice Chair of the Galactic Senate. He is Grand Vizier and head of the Imperial Ruling Council, installed by Gallius Rax as the puppet leader of the Empire following Palpatine's death. Amedda is also one of the few people to know about Palpatine's secret persona as Darth Sidious during his time as Supreme Chancellor. Amedda formally surrenders the Empire to the New Republic.

The character has been portrayed by Jerome Blake and David Bowers in Episodes I-III, and voiced by Stephen Stanton in The Clone Wars and The Bad Batch. His story has also been expanded in Aftermath: Life Debt and Aftermath: Empire's End.

Queen Padmé Amidala
Main article: Padmé Amidala
Cassian Andor
Main article: Cassian Andor
Maarva Andor
Maarva Andor is a human female who lived during the final decades of the Galactic Republic and into the era of the Galactic Empire. Alongside her husband, Clem, Maarva became the adoptive mother of Cassian Andor, whom they rescued while smuggling on the planet Kenari. She eventually succumbs to an illness before Cassian returns to Ferrix.

The character has been portrayed by Fiona Shaw in Andor.

Mother Aniseya
The mother of Osha and Mae Aniseya, alongside Mother Koril, and the leader of a coven of Force witches on Brendok, who was killed by Jedi Master Sol sixteen years before the events of The Acolyte.

The character has been played by Jodie Turner-Smith in The Acolyte.

Verosha "Osha" and Mae-ho "Mae" Aniseya
Twin sisters who were separated by a tragedy when they were young. Osha is the former Padawan learner of Sol who left the Jedi Order due to "internal turmoil" she has regarding her connection to the Force. Mae is presumed dead until she re-emerges as a Jedi-hunting dangerous warrior using the dark side of the Force.

The characters have been played by Amandla Stenberg in The Acolyte.

Raymus Antilles
Raymus Antilles is captain of the CR90 corvette Tantive IV, where he is strangled to death by Darth Vader.[6] Antilles was also the last master of C-3PO and R2-D2 before they fall under the ownership of Luke Skywalker. In the final days of the Republic, Antilles served as captain of the CR70 corvette Tantive III.

The character has been portrayed by Peter Geddis in Episode IV, by Rohan Nichol in Episode III, and by Tim Beckmann in Rogue One.

Captain Wedge Antilles
Main article: Wedge Antilles
Chelli Lona Aphra
Main article: Doctor Aphra
The Armorer
Main article: The Armorer
Ryder Azadi
Ryder Azadi is the former Governor of Lothal and a family friend to Ephraim and Mira Bridger. He secretly assisted them in their campaign against the Galactic Empire which led to their arrest. Ryder escaped prison, but his friends did not. He later met Ezra and Kanan on Lothal. After helping in a mission that also involved Princess Leia, Ryder decided to form a new Rebel cell on Lothal. He later pretends to betray the Rebels in order to lure Governor Pryce into a trap. During the final part of the battle, Ryder tries to get Pryce to come along quietly when the Imperial base begins to take off and explode to no avail, but Pryce chooses to die, staying loyal to the Empire until the end. After the liberation of Lothal, Ryder assisted in its reconstruction and assumed the governorship.

The character has been voiced by Clancy Brown in Rebels, and Brown reprised his role in Ahsoka.

Azmorigan
Azmorigan is a Jablogian crime lord and business partner of Vizago's. He was first tricked by Lando Calrissian into giving the entrepreneur a mining-purposed puffer pig and trading it for Hera, who then outsmarted Azmorigan and escaped from his ship, the Merchant One, to Calrissian and the Ghost crew. Azmorigan cornered them at Vizago's mining estate, intending to reclaim the puffer pig and Hera along the Ghost and its crew but was defeated there and is forced to flee. In The Wynkahthu Job, having formed an alliance with Hondo, with the two of them attacking an Imperial cargo ship only to have it become caught in the storms of a nearby planet, forcing them to call upon the Ghost crew for help. The salvage operation gets the rebels several proton bombs and an encounter with Imperial Sentry Droids, while Hondo only succeeds in unintentionally recovering one of his Ugnaughts.

The character has been voiced by James Hong in Rebels.

B
Ponda Baba
Ponda Baba is an Aqualish mercenary who attacks Luke Skywalker in the Mos Eisley cantina, and then gets his arm cut off by Obi-Wan Kenobi's lightsaber. He is an associate of Dr. Cornelius Evazan, who also antagonizes Luke Skywalker in the cantina.[7] When the original Kenner action figure for Baba was released, the then-unnamed alien was called simply "Walrus Man".[8]

In Episode IV the character was portrayed by Tommy Ilsley. In Rogue One, he is seen with Dr. Evazan on the streets of Jedha.[8]

Cad Bane
Main article: Cad Bane
Darth Bane
Main article: Darth Bane
Tobias Beckett
Main article: Tobias Beckett
Val Beckett
Val Beckett is the wife and partner-in-crime of Tobias Beckett. She is killed during a failed Coaxium heist for the Crimson Dawn.

The character has been portrayed by Thandiwe Newton in Solo.

The Bendu
The Bendu is an ancient Force-wielder whose philosophy predates the Jedi Order; encountered by the rebels on the planet Atollon, where he describes himself as being "the middle" between the ashla, light side of the Force, and the bogan, dark side of the Force.

The character has been voiced by Tom Baker in Rebels.

Kelleran Beq
Kelleran Beq is a Jedi Master who rescued Grogu from Jedi Temple on Coruscant during the execution of Order 66, with the help of the Royal Naboo Security Forces.

The character has been portrayed by Ahmed Best in The Mandalorian, reprising his role from the 2020 web-based children's game show Star Wars: Jedi Temple Challenge.

Sio Bibble
Sio Bibble is the Governor of Naboo who steps down from his position following the formation of the Empire.

The character has been portrayed by Oliver Ford Davies in Episodes I-III.

Depa Billaba
Depa Billaba is a Jedi Master on the Jedi High Council who falls into a six-month coma after an encounter with General Grievous on Haruun Kal. While recovering, she forms a bond with Padawan Caleb Dume (who will later become known as Kanan Jarrus), whom she takes on as her apprentice. She sacrifices herself during Order 66 to save her Padawan.

The character has been portrayed by Dipika O'Neill Joti in Episodes I-II, and voiced by Archie Panjabi in The Bad Batch.

General Jar Jar Binks
Main article: Jar Jar Binks
Zorii Bliss
Zorri Bliss is a leader of a group of spice-smugglers from the planet Kijimi and a past love interest of Resistance pilot Poe Dameron. She later was among the many who assisted the Resistance in the air battle against the Sith Eternal forces over Exegol.

The character has been portrayed by Keri Russell in Episode IX.

Lux Bonteri
Lux Bonteri is the son of Separatist Senator Mina Bonteri, a freedom fighter during the Clone Wars and a love interest of Ahsoka Tano. After his mother's assassination, he first seeks revenge against Dooku with Death Watch. Later he becomes a rebel and frees his homeworld from Separatist occupation. He later becomes the representative of his homeworld Onderon in the Galactic Senate, once they rejoin the Republic.

The character has been voiced by Jason Spisak in The Clone Wars.

Bossk
Bossk is a notorious Trandoshan bounty hunter who is one of the six summoned by Darth Vader to track down the Millennium Falcon. He is also seen in Jabba's Palace. Bossk is the son of bounty hunter Cradossk and is known for his hatred and hunting of Wookiees, with a particular vendetta against the Wookiee Chewbacca.[9] During the Clone Wars, he mentors and serves as a bodyguard to a young Boba Fett, eventually joining his syndicate of bounty hunters.

